docs(features): update window customization (#1972)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/features/window-customization.mdx

> title: Window Customization

Reviewer: Could you check if
```
tableOfContents:
  maxHeadingLevel: 3 
``` 
yields better navigation?
 https://starlight.astro.build/reference/frontmatter/#tableofcontents

Author: 3 looks like the default value: 
![CleanShot 2024-03-20 at 14 31 04@2x](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs/assets/460329/55bd8d4c-e006-4e85-a9db-0b659533daad)

Maybe 4?
![CleanShot 2024-03-20 at 14 30 01@2x](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs/assets/460329/1b2399be-d87a-4647-94eb-628991a4823f)

Reviewer: Yeah, 4, my mistake

---

Tauri provides lots of options for customizing the look and feel of your app's window. You can create custom titlebars, have transparent windows, enforce size constraints, and more.

## Configuration

There are three ways to change the window configuration:

- [Through tauri.conf.json](/references/v2/config/#windowconfig)

> - [Through the JS API](/references/v2/js/core/namespacewindow/#window)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Through the JavaScript API](/references/v2/js/core/namespacewindow/#window)
```

> - [Through the Window in Rust](https://docs.rs/tauri/2.0.0-beta/tauri/window/struct.Window.html)

Reviewer: Reading this I had the impression that I get to choose the method, but after reading the guide It seems this isn't the case, or is it? How can we make that clear? Plus I think it's misleading having outside links in the same pattern of navigation TOC right after on "Usage"

Author: It depends on the use case, but you don't have to stick with only one method. You can create a window by configuring `tauri.conf.json` and then use JS or Rust API to dynamically set up the window later at runtime.

Since I have read it so many times from 1.0 guide, it already feels normal to me 🤣  But I do agree it can be better,

Reviewer: > Since I have read it so many times from 1.0 guide, it already feels normal to me 🤣 But I do agree it can be better

So yeah, this is first time ever I'm consciously reading about window customization and my first perception was that I stated above 😅. Let's call @dreyfus92 to see his opinion on this PR

Reviewer: To make things easy, we can just slap a "external" icon `<Icon name="external" />` on each "Configuration" entry, so as not cause confusion with a page navigation TOC

Author: Ok, I just added it. 

`<svg>` in mdx were set `display: block`, the icon and the link will separate into two lines, so I add a custom class `.inline-icon` to custom.css and force the `<Icon>` here to use `display: inline-block`

## Usage

- [Creating a Custom Titlebar](#creating-a-custom-titlebar)
- [(macOS) Transparent Titlebar with Custom Window Background Color](#macos-transparent-titlebar-with-custom-window-background-color)

### Creating a Custom Titlebar

A common use of these window features is creating a custom titlebar. This short tutorial will guide you through that process.

#### tauri.conf.json

> To remove the default titlebar, you'll need to set `decorations` to `false` in your `tauri.conf.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `decorations` to `false` in your `tauri.conf.json`:
```

> To remove the default titlebar, you'll need to set `decorations` to `false` in your `tauri.conf.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `decorations` to `false` in your `tauri.conf.json`:
```

```json title="tauri.conf.json" {4}
"tauri": {
	"windows": [
		{
			"decorations": false
		}
	]
}
```

#### Permissions

> To make calls to `appWindow` work, don't forget to add window permissions in capability file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add window permissions in capability file:
```

Along the lines of other guides
`By default all plugin commands are blocked and cannot be accessed. You must define a list of permissions in your capabilities configuration.`

	"identifier": "main-capability",
	"description": "Capability for the main window",
	"windows": ["main"],
	"permissions": [
		"window:default",
		"window:allow-start-dragging",
	]
}
```

| Permission                              | Description                                                                    |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `window:default`                        | Default permissions for the plugin. Except `window:allow-start-dragging`.      |
| `window:allow-close`                    | Enables the close command without any pre-configured scope.                    |
| `window:allow-minimize`                 | Enables the minimize command without any pre-configured scope.                 |
| `window:allow-start-dragging`           | Enables the start_dragging command without any pre-configured scope.           |
| `window:allow-toggle-maximize`          | Enables the toggle_maximize command without any pre-configured scope.          |
| `window:allow-internal-toggle-maximize` | Enables the internal_toggle_maximize command without any pre-configured scope. |

#### CSS

> You'll need to add some CSS for the titlebar to keep it at the top of the screen and style the buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add this CSS sample to keep it at the top of the screen and style the buttons:
```

```css
.titlebar {
	height: 30px;
	background: #329ea3;
	user-select: none;
	display: flex;
	justify-content: flex-end;
	position: fixed;
	top: 0;
	left: 0;
	right: 0;
}
.titlebar-button {
	display: inline-flex;
	justify-content: center;
	align-items: center;
	width: 30px;
	height: 30px;
	user-select: none;
	-webkit-user-select: none;
}
.titlebar-button:hover {
	background: #5bbec3;
}
```

#### HTML

> Now, you'll need to add the HTML for the titlebar. Put this at the top of your `<body>` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put this at the top of your `<body>` tag:
```

```html
<div data-tauri-drag-region class="titlebar">
	<div class="titlebar-button" id="titlebar-minimize">
		<img
			src="https://api.iconify.design/mdi:window-minimize.svg"
			alt="minimize"
		/>
	</div>
	<div class="titlebar-button" id="titlebar-maximize">
		<img
			src="https://api.iconify.design/mdi:window-maximize.svg"
			alt="maximize"
		/>
	</div>
	<div class="titlebar-button" id="titlebar-close">
		<img src="https://api.iconify.design/mdi:close.svg" alt="close" />
	</div>
</div>
```

> Note that you may need to move the rest of your content down so that the titlebar doesn't cover it.

Reviewer: Maybe a note aside :::? Not sure, maybe if it looks better and not out of place

Author: Using aside looks a bit over to me. I would prefer to leave it plain.

> #### JS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JavaScript
```

> Finally, you'll need to make the buttons work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this code snippet to make the buttons work:
```

```js
import { Window } from '@tauri-apps/api/window';

const appWindow = new Window('main');

document
	.getElementById('titlebar-minimize')
	?.addEventListener('click', () => appWindow.minimize());
document
	.getElementById('titlebar-maximize')
	?.addEventListener('click', () => appWindow.toggleMaximize());
document
	.getElementById('titlebar-close')
	?.addEventListener('click', () => appWindow.close());
```

### (macOS) Transparent Titlebar with Custom Window Background Color

> For macOS, using a custom titlebar will also lose some features provided by the system, such as [moving or aligning the window](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/work-with-app-windows-mchlp2469/mac). Another approach to customizing the titlebar but keeping native functions could be making the titlebar transparent and setting the window background color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
For macOS, using a custom titlebar will also lose some features provided by the system, such as [moving or aligning the window](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/work-with-app-windows-mchlp2469/mac). Another approach to customizing the titlebar but keeping native functions could be making the titlebar transparent and setting the window background color.
:::
```

Author: How about moving this under `### Creating a Custom Titlebar` as a note and giving a link to the `### (macOS) Transparent Titlebar with Custom Window Background Color` section.

The original idea behind adding the macOS example is to hint that there is another way to do it in macOS, using the native behavior.

```md
:::note
For macOS, using a custom titlebar will also lose some features provided by the system, such as [moving or aligning the window](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/work-with-app-windows-mchlp2469/mac). Another approach to customizing the titlebar but keeping native functions could be making the titlebar transparent and setting the window background color. See the usage [(macOS) Transparent Titlebar with Custom Window Background Color](#macos-transparent-titlebar-with-custom-window-background-color).
:::
```

Reviewer: Oh as it's that so, yeah for sure. I had the false impression that for mac that was my only option

> We are going to create the main window and change the window background color from the Rust side, so here we remove the main window from the `tauri.conf.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to create the main window and change its background color from the Rust side.

Remove the main window from the `tauri.conf.json` file:
```
It's not exactly this markup, but kinda of, will have to fix it in markdown to make sure it's ok

	```json title="tauri.conf.json" del={3-7}
	"tauri": {
		"windows": [
			{
				"title": "Transparent Titlebar Window",
				"width": 800,
				"height": 600
			}
		],
	}
	```

Add `cocoa` crate to dependencies so that we can use it to call the macOS native API:

	```toml title="src-tauri/Cargo.toml"
	[target."cfg(target_os = \"macos\")".dependencies]
	cocoa = "0.25"
	```

> Now we can create the main window and change the window background color from the Rust side:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the main window and change its background color:
```
